---
layout: page
title: 1.136.0
permalink: /docs/embedded/1.136.0/
parent: Embedded
nav_order: -136
---

## Tedee Lock

### Support for Keypads bell button notification
Lock forwards bell button notification to mobile apps. It is a necessary component for the whole feature.

### Forward Keypad's battery level
To enhance keypad battery life mobile apps do not connect to the keypad automatically.\
During entering pin or bell button notification keypad connects to lock and additionally passes battery level.\
As a result, the lock can pass such information to users via Bridge or directly to the app during BLE connection.

### Fixed connection issues with unpaired keypad
We fixed an issue of accepting a keypad connection that was already unpaired with that lock.

## Tedee Bridge

### Setup Keypad's battery type
The Keypads battery type can be changed over the internet using Bridge.

### Keypad auto-update
From now we are enabling the functionality of the Tedee Keypad auto-update feature.\
To enable it, you've to pair your's Keypad with Tedee Bridge.\
Whenever new firmware will be available to Keypad then Bridge will upload it to Keypad at night.\
The update will be performed in the randomly selected window between 1:00 and 5:00 of local time that was set in-app for such Bridge.

## Tedee Keypad

### Bell button press during pin insertion clears entered digits of the pin
Before that, when you partially enter the pin and press the bell button you've got two signalizations:
1. Success light and sound for bell button feature.
2. Error light and sound because of timeout on pin insertion.
 
From now, the user in such case will not see error signalization of pin insertion timeout:
 
1. Enter part of the pin.
2. Press the bell button to notify users that you are in front of the door.
3. Entered part of the pin is discarded.

### Battery type setup
There is main two types of batteries:
- not rechargeable - alkaline with nominal voltage 1,5V
- rechargeable - commonly NiMH chemistry with nominal voltage 1,2V

From now keypad supports battery indicator for rechargeable ones.\
If you decide to change the battery type in your Keypad you have to change it in Keypad settings in the mobile app.\
If there will be a wrong battery type set then your battery level indicator will be wrong.

### Disable keypad if its rechargeable batteries will be discharged
Below 15% you will receive notification that your keypad batteries are low and need replacement.\
If you omit replacement of batteries and its voltage drop below 1,1V per AAA battery then we disable Keypad at all.\
It is done because your rechargeable batteries can be damaged without the possibility to charge them again.