---
layout: page
title: 1.182.0
permalink: /docs/ios/1.182.0/
parent: iOS
nav_order: -182
release_date: 17.10.2023
---

## Enhancements to the lock activity logs screen.
We have released for preview testers improved activity logs screen. Core functionality didn't changed but it's performance has improved.

## Improved app performance.
We have also improved performance of Timezone settings pages and other minor improvements.

## Reduced the waiting time required to unlock or lock doors from Apple Watch.
Unlocking or locking doors with Apple Watch is now faster. You can now trigger operation just after lock is discovered by Apple Watch.

## Changed the presentation of the nearest lock after app inactivity.
Nearest lock will be presented on next app opening once after when the user enters the Range-Out zone.

## Reduced the time required to connect the bridge to Tedee services during the adding process.
We have improved bridge adding process. Now bridge's initial connection to Tedee services is much faster.

## Fixed the keypad pairing screen when no devices were detected.
Proper information is presented when app didn't found any locks to pair with keypad, during add keypad process.

## Resolved the issue where the wrong access time was presented when the device had no permission.
In rare cases device with no permission showed wrong date when permission will be granted. Now it is presenting proper date.

## Fixed the devices widget
Devices widget was not loading or loading without buttons. Now it works properly.

## Corrected the presentation of long lock names on the lock details screen.
We have changed how long lock names are presented to make it easier to read.
